[Serverless] Manual rule run docs (#5589)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-monitor.asciidoc

Use these controls to filter what's included in the logs table:

* The **Run type** drop-down filters the table by rule execution type: 
** **Scheduled**: Rule executions that the detection engine automatically ran according to the rule's schedule.
** **Manual**: Rule executions that were <<manually-run-rules,started manually>>.

* The *Status* drop-down filters the table by rule execution status: 
** *Succeeded*: The rule completed its defined search. This doesn't necessarily mean it generated an alert, just that it ran without error.
** *Failed*: The rule encountered an error that prevented it from running. For example, a {ml} rule whose corresponding {ml} job wasn't running.
** *Warning*: Nothing prevented the rule from running, but it might have returned unexpected results. For example, a custom query rule tried to search an index pattern that couldn't be found in {es}.

* The date and time picker sets the time range of rule executions included in the table. This is separate from the global date and time picker at the top of the rule details page.

> * The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run execution.

Reviewer: A "run execution" seems redundant:
```suggestion
* The **Source event time range** toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the time range of a manual run.
```

* The *Show metrics columns* toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the timing of each rule execution.

* The *Actions* column allows you to show alerts generated from a given rule execution. Click the filter icon (image:images/filter-icon.png[Filter icon,18,17]) to create a global search filter based on the rule execution's ID value. This replaces any previously applied filters, changes the global date and time range to 24 hours before and after the rule execution, and displays a confirmation notification. You can revert this action by clicking *Restore previous filters* in the notification.

[float]
[[manual-runs-table]]
==== Manual runs table

preview::[]

Execution details of active manual runs are logged in the Manual runs table. To access the table, go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table. 

> 

Author: Being added in https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773483390.

> 

Author: Added via https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773601208.

> To refresh table results, click **Refresh**. To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row, and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column.

Reviewer: These instructions seem a bit unnecessary, since all they're really saying is the button or link does exactly what the label says. "Refresh" is especially obvious, but users might wonder what exactly happens with "Stop run", so that's worth keeping. Also an edit for minor comma splice:

```suggestion
To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column.
```

> NOTE: When a manual run is stopped or completed, it's logged in the Execution log table and no longer displayed in the Manual runs table.

Reviewer 2: It's not exactly correct - each rule executions of manual rule run logged in the Execution log after specific execution finished.

Maybe to rephrase, that information Manual rule run no longer displayed after it's completed, but information about each individual rule execution available in Execution log

Author: Just to verify, if executions were completed before a manual rule run was stopped, are those logged in the Execution log as well?

Reviewer: This seems like essential behavior to include in main body text, not just an aside in Note format.

Reviewer 2: > if executions were completed before a manual rule run was stopped, are those logged in the Execution log as well?

Let's say it's to different processes. All rule executions logged in event log after completion.

Manual rule run can have multiple rule executions, so after each executions finished, it's go to event log. If manual rule run take long time, and there some completed executions and some pending - rule execution log will show completed

Author: @nkhristinin it sounds as though the important detail here is that completed or stopped rule runs are logged in the execution log. If that's the case, I can update the text to reflect that.

Author: Change added in [81aae22](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5589/commits/81aae22a98468126c13ffa5dbbab57fdbe0eb07f).

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/manual-rule-run-table.png[Manual rule runs table on the rule execution results tab]

The Manual runs table displays important details such as:

* The status of each manual run:

> ** **Pending**: The rule is not yet running. It is waiting to be executed. 

Reviewer: Redundant; either sentence works fine on its own.

Author: ```suggestion
** **Pending**: The rule is not yet running. 
```

** **Running**: The rule is executing during the time range you specified. Some rules, such as indicator match rules, can take longer to run.

> ** **Error**: The rule has encountered an error during its execution. 

Reviewer 2: @ymao1 can you provide more info about possible error state for backfill job?

@nastasha-solomon I am not sure that we need specify exact use cases, my point that those error not about rule executions itself, it's mostly about this manual rule run configuration

> ** **Error**: The rule has encountered an error during its execution. 

Reviewer 3: The types of errors that will cause the entire manual run to fail (vs individual schedule entries) are:
- decryption errors
- failure to read the backfill saved object
- license issues (perhaps the user downgraded)
- validation issues with the rule params

> ** **Error**: The rule has encountered an error during its execution. 

Reviewer 4: Looks good, @nastasha-solomon !

> * When a manual run started and the period of time for which it will run

Reviewer: More casual language?
```suggestion
* When a manual run started and how long it will run
```

Or if that's not precise enough:
```suggestion
* When a manual run started and the time in which it will run
```
